README.MD, before:

![earthLogo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74827423/119892884-ae4f2c80-bf08-11eb-8ee9-4f25f85f0e41.png)

# eARTh 

eARTh is a platform for artists to create interactive 3D models and place them in various places around the world using location-based AR. Models may contain an mp3 audio file that can be listened to once the model has been placed.

eARTh’s goal is to empower artists and create a new way for people to appreciate art around the world.

About Us: https://youtu.be/_0bYUqzYg6o

### Link to the site

https://earth-a2ce0.firebaseapp.com/

### Preview video of an animated model with audio:

[takashiVidTest.mov.zip](https://github.com/2103-team-Earth/eARth2/files/6540655/takashiVidTest.mov.zip)

### Clone Repo

```
git clone https://github.com/2103-team-Earth/eARth2.git
cd app
```

### Installation

```
npm install
```

### Running the App

```
npm start
download Viro Media app
Open the app, tap the dropdown, and select enter testbed
enter the ngrok endpoint generated from your terminal
or use your machine's IP address
once connected login to continue
```

Commit message:

minor changes to website and update README

README.MD, after:

![earthLogo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74827423/119892884-ae4f2c80-bf08-11eb-8ee9-4f25f85f0e41.png)

# eARTh

eARTh is a platform for artists to create interactive 3D models and place them in various places around the world using location-based AR. Models may contain an mp3 audio file that can be listened to once the model has been placed.

eARTh’s goal is to empower artists and create a new way for people to appreciate art around the world.

Overview and about us: https://youtu.be/_0bYUqzYg6o

Preview video of an animated model with audio: [takashiVidTest.mov.zip](https://github.com/2103-team-Earth/eARth2/files/6540655/takashiVidTest.mov.zip)

### Instructions

```
First, create your 3D model on our website
- https://earth-a2ce0.web.app/
- sign up/login
- create a new project
```

```
Then, view your 3D model using AR on our mobile app
- download the Viro Media app on your mobile device
- clone this repo to your computer (git clone https://github.com/2103-team-Earth/eARth2.git)
- then run: cd app, npm install, npm start
- open the Viro Media app, tap the dropdown, and select enter testbed
- enter the ngrok endpoint generated from your terminal or use your machine's IP address
- once connected, login to continue
- view the projects that you created
- click on one to render your 3D AR model!
```
